We've gone as far as we can go by road.
We need a boat.
Should only take a few days.
No. no. no. We shouldn't be here.
The jungle doesn't want us here.
There is...
We have to do this.
What's waiting for us
will change our lives.
Eh?
Fine.
I'll go alone.
Ana.
Ana!
Don't do this!
It's her.
Get to the boat!
Come on! Let's go!
- Hey!
- Stop!
Take my hand!
We start tight on a full moon.
Milky. Almost yellow.
And we crane down
to reveal an idyllic. suburban street.
We float past a series
of white picket fences.
until we settle on a sewer grate.
Pow! Flies open!
Something big and scaly slithers out.
fast. hungry. definitely not human.
as a pulsating score kicks in.
We're on the back of the beast
as it slithers menacingly
towards a little blue house.
Wait. I'm sorry.
This is our wedding video
you're talking about?
Yes. though I actually don't think of them
as videos. They're more like short films.
Yeah. because I'm not sure
this is quite what we had in mind.
Okay. I know.
It's a little different than normal but--
We really liked the one you did
for Karen and Bart.
When they walk by the river
- and jump up and high-five.
- That jump was dope.
And I loved that song they used.
♪ I don't want to wait
For our lives to be over ♪
♪ I want to know right now
How does it feel ♪
- You know it. Yeah.
- Um. guys. Uh. here's the thing.
I really like you guys.
And you said you're horror fans.
and I'm like. "I love horror so much."
And I thought this could be special.
You know what I mean?
This is a film you're gonna watch
for the rest of your lives.
But this isn't a film. Doug.
This is a wedding video. and we want one
where they do a little jump.
- Yeah.
- Now. can you do that for us or not?
Okay.
And do you mind if I'm doing warm-ups?
Is it okay?
Oh. yeah. I've seen much crazier.
Okay. good.
Does it sound better to say my line.
"His vision is blurry.
which could suggest..."
or. "His vision is blurry.
Or I could-- You know what? I could even
do. like. an accent. I could do just...
I think you just should do it
the way you auditioned it. honey.
- Yeah.
It's been a while since I booked anything.
and I just want it to go well.
- Yeah.
- I just...
It's hard out there.
Sorry.
Doctor number 3. we're ready for you.
Okay. knock 'em dead.
Okay. thanks. Thank you. Donna.
Hey. by the way. if you ever
need anything from Lowe's.
I will hook you up
with my employee discount.
no questions asked.
- Okay?
- Okay.
Thanks. Ten more ccs of tramadol.
Any idea what I'm looking at here?
He said his vision was blurry.
- so. you know. that could suggest--
- Optic neuritis.
Already ruled that out.
- Cut.
- That's a cut!
Hey. buddy. not sure what that accent is.
Just do it normally. okay?
We're gonna go again right away.
Set.
He said his vision
was blurry. which could suggest--
Cut! Say the line faster. Okay?
Faster this time.
He said his vision was blurry.
which could suggest--
Cut! Jesus.
I think we gotta fire this guy.
Can we get somebody else in here?
♪ When it's over. so they say ♪
♪ It'll rain a sunny day ♪
♪ I know. shining down like water ♪
♪ I wanna know
Have you ever seen the rain? ♪
♪ I wanna know ♪
♪ Have you ever seen the rain? ♪
Griff. it's Doug. I just ran into
your mom at the supermarket.
She said you booked a big gig today.
I'm proud of you. bud.
Everyone in Buffalo misses you.
I love you. Come visit. man!
Jesus. Jerry.
Doug. what is this thing about--
there's some kind of sewer monster?
Oh. boy.
Doug.
Look. I get that this is not what
you dreamed about when you were a kid.
But dreams. they go. Huh?
Now. I'll be retiring soon.
And. Doug. it is only a matter of time
before all this is yours.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Look around. Take it all in.
And imagine.
If you do it right.
it's a pretty sweet setup we got here.
This is a B. and maybe even
a B+ life we're talking about.
Hmm.
Are you sure you don't wanna
do anything for your birthday?
You used to make me
celebrate your half-birthdays.
Let's go get a beer.
Or something.
Maybe we just watch that new
mountain climbing doc.
About the lady that
falls to her own death?
Yeah.
Fine. we can do the one about
the free diver in the Maldives.
Who drowns? Jesus Christ. Doug.
I don't know. Let's just take a gummy
and go to bed early.
Surprise!
Oh. my God. Malie. No!
Oh. yes. Yes. you love
a good. big birthday party.
Dad. should've seen your face.
- You knew about this?
- It was my idea.
- Buddy. take my coat. please. Thank you.
- Okay.
Hey! How are you?
- Yeah. Happy birthday!
- Jesus. Kenny. My back!
- I'm sorry.
- No! That's not...
The actual lotion. The actual basket.
"It puts the lotion in the basket"?
- eBay. buddy.
- Dude. that is sick.
Yeah. no. that is actually sick.
Oh!
- Happy birthday. Dougie.
- Thanks for making the trek. Claire.
You know I love Buffalo this time of year.
The slush. the hypothermia.
What's up? No Trent?
No Trent.
Ever again. in fact.
- He started banging his dental hygienist.
- Ugh.
Anyway. tonight is all about you. baby.
- It's about me.
- It's about you.
You came! Here you are. Oh. my God.
It's been too long. pal.
It's so good to see you.
It has been way too long.
Happy birthday.
Thank you for coming out here.
- Think I'm gonna miss this? Never.
- Oh.
We got a lot of catching up to do.
Many years ago. a group of young.
passionate artists had a vision.
It was a vision that's not
particularly original or even. uh. good...
...but it was theirs.
And so they made that vision a reality.
And. without further ado.
I present to you
a completely unrestored print
of 13-year-old Doug McCallister's
masterpiece. The Quatch.
What? I thought we lost
all the copies of that!
- No way.
- Nope.
I found it in my mom's garage.
It was stuck in the player.
Are we sure this is okay
for the kids to watch?
Who gives a shit?
Mrs. Brown had us bleep all the swears so
we could show it at the school assembly.
Yeah. which didn't make much sense
because we were very clear
about it being R-rated.
- Happy birthday. pal.
- This isn't happening.
Oh. it's happening. Here we go.
- God.
- Here. sit.
Oh. I'm gonna kill you.
I haven't changed a bit.
Holy ****!
Oh!
- Look at the grass!
- Hot on the trail!
- Look out for the quatch.
- Here we go.
Before you **** strike me.
I need to **** ask you one **** thing.
You got some **** bite left?
Or you all **** bark?
Boom!
Damn. we'd been watching
a lot of Scorsese.
We didn't quite have
the ear for it. did we?
- I need to tell you something.
- What is it?
That I love you. I've always loved you.
And I always **** will.
I **** love you too.
Now. kiss me. woman.
So much charisma. Already. you had it.
I still can't believe I let Doug talk me
into doing that.
What are you talking about?
That was your idea.
Yeah!
- It's coming for us.
- We're trapped.
What the hell are we gonna do?
- No!
- Yes.
Oh. my God. We're all gonna die!
This is where it gets real.
Not on my watch. mister.
- Boom!
- Yeah!
Amazing!
So good!
Whoo!
That's probably the best birthday gift
I've ever received.
- I didn't even know it existed.
- Well. I'm giving it to you.
Plus the TV 'cause you can't get it out.
- Yay!
- Yes!
- It was right after. you know...
- Right after senior year of college.
Yes. that's when Anaconda came out.
Remember? We saw it like 30 times.
Put it right there alongside the classics.
Totally. How about that cast? Come on.
- J.Lo. Ice Cube. Owen Wilson. Stoltz.
- Oh. for sure.
I mean. it's a murderers' row.
Plus. that snake was like a metaphor
for our lives at that moment.
Like. how life is coming at you. you know.
hunting you and forcing you. like.
off your...
like your parents'
health insurance and stuff.
- I don't know...
- No. that's true.
- Yeah. that's...
- It was like that.
- That's right. Kenny.
- Whatever.
How about that accent by Jon Voight?
How about that? That was a choice.
"They wrap
around you until you get the privilege
- of hearing your bones break...
- Bones break...
...before the power of embrace
causes your veins to explode."
Sorry.
I have the rights to Anaconda.
What?
Yeah.
Apparently. the movie was based
on a novel by some dead Japanese guy.
And my agent introduced me to his widow.
Unbelievably. she was such a fan of the
four episodes that I did on S.W.A.T...
- Who isn't?
- ...that she gave me the rights.
Dude.
So what are you gonna do with them?
Uh. well. not me.
Us.
We're gonna reboot the thing. Indie-style.
Three weeks. run-and-gun in the Amazon.
Skeletal crew.
Claire. you and I can star.
Kenny. you shoot it. Doug. you direct.
Huh? Come on. What do you say?
I mean. it's a wonderful idea
in theory. but...
I'm in! I can get time off from work.
Yes. you can. Kenny. Sweet!
Kenny. what are you talking about?
You're in? He's not... No. He's not in.
He says one thing and you're in already.
You're going to the Amazon.
- He's not in.
- What do you say. Claire?
- I... I just...
- Come on.
I don't know if I'm
in the right headspace...
- Of course you are.
- ...with the divorce.
Of course you're not
in the right headspace.
That's the best headspace.
Are you kidding me?
Come on. it's like Eat Pray Love
and... shit.
Come on.
You know what? I'm in.
- What? Really?
- Yes! Sweet.
Yeah. I mean.
my life is totally shit anyway so...
- God. I'm so happy to hear that.
- Hmm.
I mean. not that your life is shit.
but that you're in.
Besides. as soon as Doug says yes.
we'll probably need you
to finance this whole thing.
- What?
- Thank you.
Doug?
Griff. I'm sorry.
I got responsibilities.
I got Malie. Charlie. my job.
I know. Making wedding videos.
Films. Right.
It's a good life. you know?
It's a B. B+ life.
B. B+ life?
It's a good life.
Do you remember when we were kids
and we would stay up
till 4:00 in the morning.
hanging out in your mom's basement
watching horror movies?
Scaring the shit out of ourselves.
Texas Chainsaw on. like. repeat.
Now we have the chance
to make one ourselves.
Dude. it's what we dreamed about
ever since we were little kids.
I hear ya.
But we're not kids anymore. Griff.
I'm sorry.
Yeah. I know. All right.
I just...
I get it. I do.
I get it.
Still watching The Quatch.
Charlie. why don't you go
check on those cookies?
Okay. but I'm pausing it. so...
don't touch it.
Gonna need some ice-cold milch with that.
You got it.
- What are you doing?
- What?
Just go make the movie.
Malie.
Come on. Every time you watch this thing.
you light up.
Like I haven't seen you light up
in a long time.
So what? I'm supposed to chase
some Hollywood fantasy I had as a kid?
Waste a bunch of money and time.
and for what?
In the end. what's it gonna change?
Okay.
We hope you come to celebrate...
As we become...
The Hansons.
Holy shit.
♪ I don't want to wait
For our lives to be over ♪
♪ I want to know right now ♪
- ♪ What will it be? ♪
- ♪ ...what will it be? ♪
♪ I don't want to wait
For our lives to be over ♪
What am I singing?
Hey. dude.
I don't want to wait. man.
Our lives could be. like... over.
What... What are you talking about?
The Anaconda thing.
You were serious. right?
Yes. very.
Then let's do it.
Let's reboot Anaconda.
Yes! Yes.
♪ My anaconda don't ♪
All right. budget-wise. soup to nuts.
what does it cost to get this thing made?
I figure we need three weeks of shooting.
Some VFX. some SFX.
a riverboat. a riverboat captain.
travel to and from a jungle.
and a gigantic real snake.
preferably a rental.
- Rental. copy.
- All in.
two. two-and-a-half million dollars.
That sounds right.
We've approved a loan for you for up to...
$9.400.
Yes!
I've revised the budget down to...
$43.000 all in.
That sounds more right.
Now. the film
does have to be scary. right?
Terrifying. But it can't just be about
a giant snake killing people.
- Exactly.
- You know?
It has to be about something. right?
Right.
I mean...
- Themes.
Come on.
- Like grief.
- What about revenge?
In terms of themes.
that's like one of the top ones.
- Oh. my God. I got a good one.
- Hit me.
Intergenerational trauma.
I love intergenerational trauma.
Who doesn't love intergenerational trauma?
- It's the best.
- We're onto something here.
This is a masterpiece.
You're a goddamn genius. I love it.
- Don't change a word.
- Not a word.
Dude. you killed it. It's scary.
emotional. funny when it needs to be.
- Romantic.
- Dude. thank you.
Hey. Doug...
I know that we had
our little dustup. but...
I need to shoot this film. man.
Dustup?
Yeah. He fired me
from the wedding video stuff
'cause I got a little wasted.
He knocked over the wedding cake.
- But I'm dealing with it.
- Like. getting sober?
Yes.
Well. I mean. Buffalo sober.
Buffalo sober?
Just beer and wine.
And then some of the lighter liquors.
But definitely not all of 'em.
I'm proud of you.
Doug?
If I'm being honest.
I enabled you a little bit.
Of course you get a second chance.
Let's do this.
- Nice!
- Thank you. man.
Car's here.
And you have the mefloquine. right?
You only take that once a week.
- Hey. Dad. I almost forgot.
- Hmm?
- Talk to me.
- But I got you this.
What?
I know. Pretty sick.
"World's greatest Doug."
- I thought it should say. "Dad."
- Whatever. man. it's funny.
I love it. It's much better.
- So it begins.
- Yeah!
- Oh. yeah.
- All right.
- Whoo!
- Made it.
- Whoa. We're here.
- That's what I'm talkin' about!
Brasília!
Oh.
So. hey. I was reading about anacondas
on the plane.
Basically.
they wait in the water for days.
stalking their prey.
never moving. just waiting.
and then when a prey comes...
...snatch and grab.
Thousand pounds of pressure.
Think you're gonna get away? You're not.
Crushing you. Oxygen leaving your lungs.
Oh. God. it's terrible.
- So. like in the movie Anaconda.
- Yeah. exactly.
So it's real?
Yeah. it's all real.
Very real.
There's this story about this woman...
God bless her.
The snake wraps around her so tight...
the eyeballs just...
- No.
- No way.
Yeah. it was my grandmother. Sylvana.
Shit.
Horrible grandmother. But still sad.
Huh.
I'm sorry. who are you?
Oh. I'm sorry. Carlos Santiago.
Yeah. you can call me Santiago.
- Hey! It's Kenny.
- Yeah. hey.
- Kenny from the phone. Hey.
- Kenny. Kenny. hey.
- Hi.
- Yeah. this is our snake handler.
Oh!
- Thank God.
- He's supposed to be the best.
No. "Supposed to be"?
We have a joker here.
No. I am the best. Yes.
- Oh. That's good.
- Yeah.
So. welcome to Brazil.
Let's meet the snake.
Go around. we'll find her.
When I found him.
he was dying of starvation.
His food supply destroyed by gold miners
who put mercury in the river.
- Gold miners?
- Gold mining poisons our land.
Their greed almost killed my snake.
- Oh.
- But I fed him.
I nursed him back to life.
and in many ways. he did the same for me.
Ah. yes. A tale as old as time.
Saved by a snake.
What's your name?
What's... Uh. Griff.
Okay. Griff. He's not only a snake.
He's my tiny giant. my friend.
One of the most important creatures
of the herpetological world.
No. of course... I... Sure.
I didn't... I wasn't trying to...
I... Yes.
Okay. Let me introduce you.
Heitor.
- Heitor?
- Oh. my goodness.
Hey. cutie.
- Oh. no. Not cutie.
- Oh. my...
Oh...
Oh. hell yes! This thing is nuts!
There are rumors of 'condas even bigger.
Maybe four or five times this size.
Go ahead. Kenny from the phone.
Um. is it true that
they regurgitate their prey?
Um. sometimes.
I mean. if you're lucky.
you'd die right away because of...
...suffocation.
But only the unlucky ones survive.
Unlucky?
Yeah. because then
you might actually be conscious
when the snake comes back
to finish you off.
- Gotcha.
- Ooh.
Better to die.
- Look at that boat!
- This is money in the bank. baby.
Hey. Let me ask you a question.
- Um. our snake guy...
- Mmm?
Does he seem kind of batshit crazy?
I mean. he's best friends with a snake.
- Of course he's a little quirky.
- Yeah.
But I like him.
- Really?
- Yeah.
But then again.
I used up all my vacation days
to come make a self-financed snake movie
with you three. so...
- Yeah. your judgment is really off.
- My judgment is off.
- It always has been.
- Exactly.
Anybody talk to the captain?
It's time to shoot.
I'll. uh. reach out again. boss.
Hi. guys. My name is Ana.
I believe you spoke
to my father on the phone?
Bruno? That's your dad?
Yeah. he sends his apologies.
- but he's at the hospital.
- Oh.
- Oh. I'm sorry.
- Unfortunately.
you'll have to make other accommodations.
'cause I need to take this boat upriver
for a routine service.
But I can assure you a full refund.
No. wait. Wait.
- Everything else is booked.
- Yeah.
And-- And w-we're gonna shoot a movie.
It's a reboot of Anaconda.
Technically.
it's more of a reimagining. but--
It's actually more of a spiritual sequel.
Good for you.
- There's gotta be a way. right?
- We can crew the boat.
There's nothing I can do...
We have dreamed of making
this film together our entire lives.
Please. I am begging you.
- Please.
- Help us find another way.
- Let's do this. but fast.
- Okay.
- Yes! Let's go!
- Thank you!
Whoo!
- Oh!
- Wow!
Yes!
This is so beautiful.
This is amazing. It's amazing.
Looks exactly...
Ooh. look!
- Kenny?
- Yeah. bud?
- How did you find this boat?
- Cocktail. anyone?
- Nice!
- Ah!
It's a computer.
Yes!
I want a list of all the boats
that left the marina in the last 3 hours.
Now!
- Uh-oh.
- Oh.
One more thing. you guys.
before we go to bed.
We got a big day tomorrow.
If you remember.
we had a tradition on all our films.
The night before we started shooting.
- we'd say a prayer to the movie gods...
- Mm-hmm.
...asking them to basically
not screw us over.
and for the first time ever.
may they listen.
- Come on. to the movie gods.
- Yes.
All right. We're rolling.
Anaconda. scene 15. take one. Slap it.
Bella!
- What the hell are you still doing here?
- I've come to take you home.
It's time you stopped chasing
this mythical snake.
And what if I'm not prone to giving up?
I didn't see you filming there.
What are we doing? EPK?
Background. DVD. bonus stuff.
The Anaconda is a story
of an intrepid biologist played by Claire.
who hires an unhinged snake tracker
played by Griff.
to hunt down and kill
a giant. mythical 'conda
that ate her entire family.
Come and get me. you goddamn snake!
And on a deeper level.
it's about chasing your dreams.
And camera set. push-ups good. and action!
What's it like shooting with Doug again?
He and I are best friends.
We've worked together our whole lives.
And I went out to LA.
and he was gonna come out.
We were gonna be a partnership.
and he didn't do it.
Griff and I planned to work together
in LA. but. uh. you know. life intervened.
But it doesn't matter.
'cause now we're together
and now we're back. we're making this.
and it's as it should be.
I am the insects.
The anaconda moves slow and steady.
Sometimes it goes fast.
Snake POV. RD. Take 1.
No. No. it's not working.
Snake POV. the right way. Take 2.
Sometimes he goes from above in the trees.
sometimes from below in the water.
The toothpick. it unlocked a couple
of aspects of this character for me.
There's something there.
Ah!
Why would I be nervous
about doing a love story with Griff?
You guys used to date.
That was a long time ago.
A little bit of chaos
is part of the ingredients.
Maybe look at each other.
This might be the last time
you look at each other.
You'd think you'd be
a little nicer to the guy
who's out here to save your life.
You're an asshole.
Yeah.
And a PhD.
And cut.
- Great stuff. guys. We got it.
- Whoo-hoo!
Should we go one more time?
You wanna try it again?
No. I'm good if you're good.
Let's go one more time.
- The chemistry between you two is...
- Yeah?
Like we were right back in high school.
When you looked up at her...
Well. that's 'cause of your note.
About taking the beat
right before you did it?
Yeah. yeah. It made the scene.
I tell you...
I never felt like this
on S.W.A.T.
I mean. granted
I was only in a couple of episodes.
but it was never collaborative.
It was never fun.
Not...
Not like this. This. uh...
- This is--
- Like we were back on Quatch?
Yeah.
Do you guys have chupacabra?
Ooh. That looks so good.
Mm-mmm.
Hey. so. one script thing.
I was thinking. at the midway point.
instead of. uh.
talking the bad guy out of it.
what if...
Claire's character...
headbutts him?
Sorry. Headbutts him?
Headbutts him.
Or... Or...
we both do.
Double headbutt.
- Come on. It's kinda revolutionary.
- Double headbutt.
That is super revolutionary.
Why is that super revolutionary?
Well. it's...
...never been done.
Jesus Christ. This is a beautiful scene
with real stakes. Doug.
Feel free to weigh in here.
Nah. I hear you. I do.
And. as always.
I trust your instincts on this.
But a double headbutt
is pretty revolutionary.
Right? It is--
It's very revolutionary. Yes.
- There's no denying it.
- None!
Oh. come on. Claire. Is the problem that
you don't know how to headbutt?
Why would I not know how to headbutt?
We're not born with these skills.
We learn them along the way.
Let me show you.
Tight core. breathe in. hold that breath.
- Yeah?
- Hi-yah!
- And you can vocalize.
- Wow.
Another kind of headbutt
is more unleashed. just full-on...
Whoo!
He got the arms in there. That's good.
Send that shit into the goal.
Or you put some Brazilian sauce on that.
You know?
- And you go. boom! Toma!
- Oh!
- Toma!
- Toma?
Hey. I love it.
Yeah. that's right.
- Brazilian spice.
- Yeah!
If I was gonna headbutt.
I would go for the bridge of the nose.
- Yes.
- Just crack it. Hi-yah!
- Jesus!
- Yes! That's it.
- Jeez. Yeah. that's great.
- And you go. "Toma! Toma!"
I think it's a different... Toma!
- Toma!
- Yeah. toma!
Goddamn!
I'm sorry. but how could this happen. huh?
Kenny. I thought you said
this guy was a pro.
That's what he said. but he hasn't
provided us with a certificate.
You fixed the crate. right?
It's taken care of?
My thing. My job. Under control. All good.
My Heitor. he's a beautiful. intelligent.
smart. sexy creature.
He does exactly what I command.
And I would never let anything happen
to you or the crazy one.
or her. or her. or this "actor" here.
- What the...
- So have a good night.
May the sounds of the forest
be the music of your dreams.
Jesus...
Man. he's a poet.
Okay. Actors. on your marks.
Santiago. is Heitor ready?
Yes. Heitor is always ready.
Heitor is ready. and action!
Cut. please.
- Um. cut? All right. cut. Yeah.
- Yeah. I just-- Sorry. I need a little...
Kenny. do you mind if I...
Santiago. take five. Heitor. five.
- Hey. Wow. that thing. it's really...
- Hey.
It's huge when you see it
up close and personal like that.
Majestic creature.
But I just was wondering...
I throw myself in front of the snake
to kind of protect Claire's character.
- right?
- Correct.
Is there any value in not doing that?
What? No.
- No. no. he sacrifices himself for her.
- Yeah. Of course.
- It caps his arc. It's so important.
- Right. Right.
- And also. dude. it's totally safe.
- Yeah.
- Santiago has Heitor under control.
- Okay.
- You've got nothing to worry about.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. Yeah. yeah...
- We're good. You're good.
- Yeah. Okay.
- Okay.
- All right. let's do this.
All right. take it from the top.
Back to one.
Santiago. Heitor? Action!
Go!
I'm not leaving! Not without you. Derek.
This thing's got me.
The world's depending on you.
I'm depending on you.
Goddamn it! I love you. Derek van Hoyle!
It's just-- I can't--
- Put your face right up next to the snake.
- I don't like this.
- I don't want to do it anymore.
- Get a tiny bit closer.
Get closer. He's friendly.
- I think you got it. dude!
- No. I don't quite have it!
- Doug. you got the shot! You got the shot!
- Hold it! Just a couple more beats.
This is gold.
Just give me one more second.
One inch closer to your face.
Get it right up in there!
You're a hero! No!
No!
Oh. shit.
I know you think this is strange.
A grown man getting emotional
over some dead snake.
Jesus.
But I loved him.
and he loved me back.
whatever way he could.
God. No!
Why is Kenny crying?
Ugh!
Hey. I don't want you here. Not for this!
He tried to murder me.
- Griff?
- What?
- Let the man grieve.
- You murdered my friend.
Just get out of my face.
- What... Where am I supposed to go?
- Griff! Go! Just move!
Fine!
♪ Go in peace. my friend ♪
♪ May the divine snakes welcome you ♪
♪ My dear friend ♪
- ♪ Snakedy snake ♪
- ♪ Snakedy snake. yeah ♪
♪ Snakedy snake ♪
♪ May the divine snakes ♪
♪ Welcome you. welcome you... ♪
What do you see?
They're doing
some sort of weird snake funeral.
Snake funeral?
Sorry. I thought I heard something.
Timo?
Timo!
- No. Not you. No. Just--
- I know. I'm sorry... I don't mean--
- I'm not trying to disturb you.
- Just leave me alone.
I'm sorry for your loss.
I know you don't believe me.
but it's true. I really am.
A friend of mine died once too.
and it hurts.
Was it a snake?
No.
It was just a... human person.
Oh.
Yeah. still sad. right?
Totally.
Anyway. I just wanted to say I'm sorry.
Beer?
Well. I have my pills here. but. yeah.
Let's mix it up.
A few commercials. TV.
Did a few episodes of S.W.A.T.
- Oh! S.W.A.T.?
- Yeah.
I like that one.
I swear. I even had the last line--
Thanks.
The last-- Thanks.
- Last line of season three.
- So. what happened?
Well. the producers decided that
they didn't really need that character.
so they got rid of me.
I mean. it's only been going
about eight or nine more seasons.
They don't deserve you.
Yeah. you're a star.
- Thank you.
- Yeah. You've been in movies?
- I'm in an industrial...
- You know what movie I like?
- What?
- The Legend of Bagger Vance.
- You should do a movie like that.
- Man. I wish.
Yeah.
- I like you.
- I like you too.
- You know what?
- What?
I'll get a new snake for your movie now.
- Really?
- Yes.
Oh. my God. Thank you so much.
Yeah. You come with me. of course.
What?
Should we be in here?
Maybe we should head back.
What was that?
Listen.
There are snakes around here.
I can feel it.
What does it feel like?
I don't know. It's just very snaky.
What's-- It's snaky?
Ah.
They hear from vibrations on the ground.
Every step we take.
drawing them closer.
And when the jungle goes quiet...
that's when you know they're close.
Yeah.
Hey. maybe we should
go back to the boat. huh?
Think it'd be a good idea to go back
to the boat. Let's go back to the boat.
Santiago.
Santiago!
Nope.
Where are you?
Hey. Have you seen Santiago?
I don't think he's come back.
- Back? From what?
- We went out to go get a new snake. We--
You went to find a snake
in the middle of the night?
Yeah. we need one for the movie.
It was dark. We got separated.
It was crazy out there.
- Griff. Griff. Griff. Griff.
- What?
You went out in the middle of the night
to find a juicy snake in the jungle?
You know what that's called?
Producing.
- Really?
- I guarantee he will be back
with a giant snake.
and you and I are making movies.
You're right. Santiago's a pro.
He'll be fine.
If he's not back soon.
we'll go look for him.
Thank you very much. Santiago.
Guys. it's been over an hour.
I have to go find him.
Well. you're not going alone.
Yeah. we're definitely coming with you.
It's safer that way.
Have you guys tried this thing?
It's like a warm bowl of soup
but... ...but in chair form.
Yeah. man. Chairs.
They. like. hold you. man.
They literally have arms. right?
Oh. wow.
Like when your parents are gone...
we still have chairs. you know?
What the hell are you talking about?
Let's go find Santiago.
Let's get a snake for our snake movie.
Yeah. Santiago! Let's go!
Hey. what direction
are we headed in?
Um...
Like. that way.
Wait. Kenny. are you high right now?
Yeah. but I'm good. I already peaked.
Jesus Christ. Kenny.
We're completely lost.
Wait. You guys. this way.
It looks like an old camper van.
Ana is not on the boat.
I need you to search the area.
The men are scared to
go deeper into the jungle.
I don't care. we have to find her.
What is that?
Oh.
maybe Santiago's sleeping in there.
Hola.
Whoa.
Looks totally abandoned. Anybody home?
Maybe some food and water.
Yeah. We could stay here.
At least tonight.
Oh. man. there's gotta be snacks in here.
Oh. my God.
- Oh. God.
- Santiago!
Oh. God.
Dang!
That's where that guy went!
Oh. my God. What is out there?
- We gotta go now!
- Okay. Go. go. go.
- Let's get out of here.
- Let's go. let's go.
- We can't let it crush the van.
- Crush the van?
It's not working.
What?
- It's not--
- Damn it!
- It's a camper van. probably!
- Oh. God!
It's got a split--
a split-charge battery.
The relay probably popped off.
It's underneath the hood.
Kenny. can you fix it?
Usually I could fix it. yes.
but I'm having--
I'm still having some visual problems
because of the...
You did it to me again.
You did it on the wedding video
and now you're wasted off your ass again.
I'm really sorry. boss.
Buffalo sober.
You're Buffalo sober.
Do you have any more?
Griff. please can you fix it?
I think I'm better suited
to be our wheel man.
What are you talking about?
I've always been a better driver than you.
No. you've been a safer driver.
I passed the driver's test
on my first try.
You took three times.
Yeah. but that was 'cause of yield.
I didn't know-- Now I know what that is.
Oh. my God. We're gonna die.
Sorry.
I'll just fix it.
- Doug!
- Go. go. go!
Let me get up. Hey. wait! Stop! Stop!
Griff. where are you going?
Don't leave without me!
Oh. shit!
You saw it. right?
What was that? They're not
supposed to get that big.
Oh. God. It was like a dinosaur.
Hey!
Hey. maybe we can ask these guys for help.
- Hey!
- We have to stop.
- Do not stop the car.
Ana. what is going on?
They're illegal gold miners
who patrol the jungles around here.
These guys are dangerous.
They'll kill anyone
who crosses into their territory.
- Oh. shit. They're trying to kill us.
- Fuck!
Why are they shooting at us?
Griff.
can't you drive any faster?
Whoa!
Whoa. whoa. Ana. what are you doing?
- Kenny. are you getting this?
- Yes!
Keep rolling!
Griff. faster.
Only one left.
- Where is she?
- Oh. my God.
Where is she?
Who? Who do... Who do you mean?
I know there's someone else here.
So. where is she--
Let's go. come on.
We gotta go. Fast.
Look. I can get you guys out of here.
All we need to do is keep heading north.
There's a small airport
about a day and a half from here.
You can get us home?
- Yes.
- Get us home.
I think we gotta call it.
Man. we've got such good stuff.
and we're so close.
Really? We're going home?
Buddy. I know.
I don't wanna go home empty-handed either.
But we came out here to make Anaconda.
and now we're in it.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
Guys. emergency meeting.
Cast and crew only. Kenny. sit down.
- What is that?
- New pages.
We have some time before the next port
and I had an idea last night that I think
is just too damn good not to shoot.
Doug. everybody's pretty burnt. man.
Just hear me out.
I'm begging you please. Kenny.
- All right. Sorry. boss.
- Thank you.
What if you two. on your way
to find the anaconda.
ran into a total badass
on an incredible quest?
Oh. That's interesting.
Let me guess.
to expose illegal gold miners?
Bingo.
- Raises the stakes.
- Exactly.
And while they're hunting down
this mythical snake.
they actually end up
fighting the real villain.
An even bigger snake.
- Man.
- Oh. yeah. Yes.
Man.
I like this.
This is good.
And if we add this element.
it does make the movie much bigger.
Like. now. it's about something.
Themes.
Uh...
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Okay. guy-- You know what. guys?
I didn't wanna say
anything before. but...
this thing might be an Awards play.
I mean. the Academy loves social horror.
- Right?
- Yeah.
Dude. you could be the white Jordan Peele.
I was thinking the same thing.
We've been through so much. you guys.
Let's finish this movie.
I'm in.
- Let's do it.
- Yeah.
Oh... Who are you gonna get to play
this new. awesome character?
Ow!
And cut. Yes!
- Was it good?
- That's what I'm talking about.
- Nice.
- Yeah.
- You sure you've never acted before?
- I swear.
Some of the best acting I've ever seen.
- You're a natural. You're incredible.
- Thank you.
Take five. Next up. we got 72.
- Guys. you see what I'm saying?
- Yeah.
- She's incredible. right?
Hey... ...a question. though.
If-- If she saves us. it doesn't really
give my character anything to do.
Yeah.
This was supposed to be the moment where
my character starts falling for Derek.
so he needs to do
something heroic. you know? Unselfish.
I don't know. you guys.
this just feels like her moment.
she actually did it in real life.
But good news. I'm gonna shoot
all the rest on her
so you guys have the day off.
See you later.
Take the day off.
Huh.
This is our movie. Griff.
and he's just cutting us out.
Yep.
Welcome to show business. baby.
You're not in it unless you're getting
screwed over by your friends.
Yeah.
You ever wake up and wonder
what the hell have I done with my life?
- Oh. yeah. Like. every day.
- Mmm.
Hey. at least you had the guts
to go after what you wanted.
- No.
- You think I wanted to go to law school?
What have I got to show
for it though. huh?
You know what I have?
I have a terrible apartment
and a 74-year-old roommate.
Sometimes I go to Trader Joe's
just to feel air conditioning.
You at least have a career.
I mean. what do I have to show for it?
I've got no family. No career.
Never done anything that matters.
No nothing.
It's never too late.
Griff. I know you're in there.
Let's make a movie.
Ugh.
Hola. amigo.
Jesus. Come on. get dressed.
We've got a packed day.
What are you talking about?
I am dressed.
I'm dressed really...
very nicely.
All right. Can you just
take a cold shower?
We gotta film. like. now.
Here's an idea. You know what
you should call the movie?
Ana-conda. Get it?
Ana-conda. 'cause of Ana.
Can you just get in costume?
Man. you know what?
You wouldn't even be here
if it wasn't for me.
Without me. you'd still
be stuck in Buffalo
shooting your bullshit
wedding videos.
Films.
Yeah. you can
tell yourself that.
My God. you know what?
I-- I-- I vouched for you too.
Even the rights holders.
they're like.
"Who is this guy?"
I said. "Trust me. He's good."
What is that?
Attention. all crew.
Let's get prepped
for scene 85. location Bravo.
Five minutes.
Are they making a movie?
Five minutes to arrival.
Excuse me.
are you guys shooting a movie?
We're doing a reboot
of Anaconda.
Come again?
A reboot of Anaconda.
Anaconda?
- Like. Ice Cube Anaconda?
- Yeah.
Sony is rebooting it.
I know. No new ideas.
That's weird.
So. let me get this straight.
You don't have the rights
to Anaconda?
No. well. I...
Not legally.
And you've never owned
the rights to Anaconda?
I mean. who owns Anaconda?
Sony. Sony owns Anaconda.
Yeah. no. no. I know. I know.
I mean. like. you know. like.
in the larger sense.
Why would you tell us
that you had the rights
to the goddamn
Anaconda franchise
when you very much
don't have the rights
to the goddamn
Anaconda franchise?
Do we... ...really
even need the rights?
Really? I mean. like.
who gives a shit?
- About IP?
- Yeah.
Literally everyone.
That's what big movies are!
That's why we're here!
You think that's
why we're here?
Yes. that's why we're here!
We almost died!
We're out in the middle of
the goddamn jungle for a lie!
I had to lie!
I had to lie to you!
You wouldn't have
come otherwise!
You wouldn't...
None of you would have--
- Bullshit!
- Not bullshit.
It's why you never came out to
LA with me in the first place.
even though we had
a whole plan to work together.
Your whole life. you've just--
it's been dictated by fear.
Griff.
you're fired.
- What?
- You're fired.
No. No. I'm not.
You can't fire me.
You know why?
Because I quit already.
Last night.
I just didn't tell
anybody yet.
So...
Too bad for you. I guess.
because I already quit.
Griff. wait!
Where are you even gonna go?
To find the Anaconda boat.
Maybe they can help me
get home.
Just think about this.
It's not safe.
That's a tiny boat.
There's a giant snake
out there.
Please don't do this.
Griff.
J.Lo?
Ice Cube?
Jon Voight?
Are you in this one?
Help me!
Help me. man! Help me!
- Hey!
- Help me!
- It's okay. It's okay.
- Help! Help me!
- Calm down. I'll come get you.
- Oh. my...
It's okay. You're safe.
- You're safe.
- Oh. thank God.
Oh. shit! Oh. God!
Oh. God!
Oh. my God! Oh. my God!
Oh. my God!
- Doug!
- Mm-hmm?
Doug. what's going on?
Why have we stopped?
Well. Ana found a great place
to shoot the next scene.
- To shoot?
- The next scene? What?
Look. Look. okay. I know.
Losing Griff was hard.
but between the four of us.
we can finish this film.
I'm not going home
empty-handed.
Come on. man. Without Griff...
That's not part of the plan.
Well. plans change and that's
part of filmmaking too.
No. no. Doug.
we have to go back for him.
- He's not safe out there.
- Yeah.
Ana. We need to turn
the boat around.
We are not turning
Yeah. we're not turning
the boat around.
Everyone off the boat now.
What's going on?
Ana. what are you doing?
This definitely isn't the plan.
Well. plans change. Doug.
Isn't that filmmaking?
And every good film needs
a bit of a twist.
Everyone off the boat now!
Oh...
To the dock.
You're gonna carry these for
me back to the boat. Let's go.
And then what?
And then you're gonna
shoot us?
Now!
I'm not going anywhere
until you tell me
what's inside these bags.
You wanna look at it?
Look at it.
Huh.
Wait. Is...
Is that...
Gold?
So you're the miner?
You did all of this for money?
Very quick. Claire.
No!
I'm not gonna be part
of your sick quest for--
Ooh! Holy shit.
Drop it.
Drop the gun.
The gun.
Now!
Calm down.
And you. don't move!
I'm with the government.
We track illegal gold miners.
And Ana here runs one
of the biggest rings
in Brazil.
This gold can change your life.
You think I care about gold?
Don't trust anything she says.
She's a liar.
She's a damn liar.
We're filmmakers from Buffalo.
We're working on
a spiritual sequel to Anaconda
and I don't know
if she mentioned that.
but it's not just a reboot.
and I kicked out my friend
who had the lead.
and I gave her
a juicy-ass role.
- and this is how she treats--
- Really juicy!
Shut up! I don't know what
you're talking about. man.
Off-topic. Go. arrest her.
Oh. thank God.
Oh. my God!
Who shot me?
That'd be me. asshole.
Griff. no. He was a good guy.
- I'm a good guy.
- He's a cop.
Look. I don't-- What?
I'm a good guy.
Drop it. On your knees now.
the four of you.
facing the water.
- Wait. I--
- Now.
No. no. Ana.
Don't-- Don't do this.
You too. Claire.
On your knees. now.
You don't have
to be this person.
I have children at home.
They're 10 and 13.
Please.
Think about what
you're doing to my kids.
Just shut your mouth.
Turn around now.
On your knees.
Now!
- Toma!
- Eat that shit!
- Nice!
For the record. that's
how you headbutt. bitch!
You won't do it.
You don't have the balls.
I know you. Claire.
You don't know me.
I don't even have kids.
Jesus Christ!
- What a snake!
- No. No. wait. Wait.
I think the boat
is back that way!
Yeah. but so is the snake.
We can't go that way!
We gotta take this trail
and get to the high ground.
- Wait. What's that?
- What?
What?
Oh. shit!
Oh. my God.
Did it bite you?
Yeah. you know what.
I think it bit me.
- I think it got me.
- Dougie. I know it hurts.
but we gotta get out
of here now
because the snake
is out there!
I'm sorry. I can't move.
My leg is freaking out.
What are we gonna do?
We're gonna have to piss
on you. man.
- Huh?
- On the bite.
It's the only way.
I thought that
was just jellyfish.
No. no. no. no.
It's all animals.
- Are you sure?
- Positive.
Someone's gotta piss.
I need one of your pisses.
I'd love to be able
to help out. but I'm just--
I am drained.
tapped. bone-dry.
Claire. you wanna
take care of this?
I'm wearing a onesie.
Kenny. we don't have time
to argue about this. You're up.
You know this isn't possible.
Why not?
Because he's...
Pee shy.
Pee shy?
I have urinary
stage fright.
I haven't been able
to pee in public in 35 years.
My life sucks!
You can do this.
You have to do this.
Whiz on me.
- You got it. buddy.
- Okay.
- Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
- Yeah.
- You can do it.
- Let it flow.
- Let it flow. Yeah.
Just piss on me. Come on.
Whiz on me.
Whiz on me. Do it. Whiz on me.
You...
You don't think I want to?
I would love to piss
all over you. man.
But it's not in the cards!
- Whiz on me. Now.
- I can't. I'm trying.
- You can do it! Whiz on me!
- I'm trying my hardest!
Do it. Ken! Do it. Ken.
Do it. Do it.
That is an order!
Whiz on me now!
Okay! Okay.
You got it. buddy.
You do it.
- There's one more problem.
- What?
I haven't told you about this.
I can only pee sitting down.
Jesus Christ!
I need a chair.
Come on. come on. come on.
Come on. buddy.
Come on. Kenny.
Come on. come on.
Just do it. Do it!
- Come on. buddy.
- Do it.
Come on. buddy.
- Yeah!
- Yes! Yes! Yes!
- Nice!
- Yes! Yeah!
- Yeah! Yeah!
Yeah!
Griff. I'm sorry about
what I said before
on the boat.
The truth is.
I've been jealous of you
for a long. long time.
Jealous?
For having the balls
to do what I couldn't.
For going after
what you wanted.
Going to LA
and putting yourself on the--
Oh. my God!
- Oh. shit!
- Doug!
Oh. my God!
We have--
We have to go after him!
We gotta get out of here.
We do not have a choice.
Come on.
Griff.
Oh. Griff.
Oh.
What did I do?
I tricked him
into coming here.
and now he's dead.
No. No.
We all chose to be here.
I wish it was me.
It should be me.
This is not your fault.
and we have to keep going.
Hey. guys. I think I found out
which way we should go.
Hey.
It's a...
It's a big open field.
We gotta get across it
to get to the boat.
But we can't just run across.
It's too exposed.
The snake could come
from anywhere.
Maybe we can create
a distraction.
Yeah. yeah. maybe. but.
I mean. how do we do that?
I mean. it's gonna be... What?
It's here.
What?
Oh. my God. Doug. Doug. no.
Oh. Dougie. Dougie.
- Come on. man.
- Is he...
Oh. Jesus Christ.
Wait. Wait.
Maybe Doug is the distraction.
How?
I know this is horrible. okay?
But if we can drag Doug out
into the field.
prop him up
and attach the boar
to his back
wouldn't we make it
really hard
for the snake to swallow him?
It'll occupy the snake
long enough
for us to get across the field
and get back to the boat.
Mmm. it's a really smart idea.
Oh. guys. this is horrible.
If it meant saving all of us.
I'm sure Doug
would've wanted this.
I'm not sure
he would've wanted this.
Wait.
We gotta go. guys.
What are you gonna do?
What are you doing?
Snakes.
they love squirrel meat.
Wait. the snake
is right behind him.
Oh.
I can't...
Oh. shit!
- He's alive! He's alive!
- He's alive!
- Thought you checked his pulse!
- I did!
Well. you did a shitty job!
What the fuck?
- Doug! Watch out! Run!
- Doug! Run!
Come on. Doug. run!
- Hey!
- Run! Faster!
Hey.
- Doug. run!
- Doug!
What?
- He's right behind you!
- What?
- Run. Doug!
- Doug!
Oh. shit!
Shit. shit.
Shit. Shit. shit. shit. Shit.
Oh. shit.
- Run!
- Run. Doug! Run!
What the hell is on my back?
It's a long story! Just run!
Shit!
God. help me! Ah! Jesus!
Damn it. This thing's alive!
This thing's alive!
It's trying to bite me!
Doug! Run!
Holy shit!
Get back to the boat!
Get back to the boat! Go!
- Boat! Go! Go! Go!
- It was right behind me!
- Okay. All right. All right.
- Okay.
I think we're okay.
Oh. God.
All right. All right. We-- Oh.
What the hell!
I thought I was dead.
How you doing. Dougie?
- I'm okay now.
- Good.
I thought we lost you. man.
Can I say something?
I'm-- I'm sorry.
I think I got so caught up
in wanting to play a hero.
that I lost sight
of what it is
that's really important to me.
And that's just making stuff
with you guys again.
Griff. I feel
the exact same way.
I love you guys.
I just have one question.
Whose idea was it to put
that dead squirrel
in my mouth?
It was like a group decision.
It wasn't--
Really?
Yeah. it wasn't
like one person.
Snakes love squirrel meat.
I knew it was your idea!
Guys. come on.
We gotta keep moving.
All right. well. I made a choice
and I'm sticking with it.
Holy shit.
It's the Anaconda set.
What happened? It's destroyed.
Hello?
Is anyone there? Hello?
Can you help us?
What? I...
What? Again. sorry?
Behind you!
♪ Back in black
I hit the sack ♪
♪ I've been too long
I'm glad to be back ♪
♪ Yes. I'm let loose ♪
♪ From the noose ♪
♪ That's kept me hanging about ♪
Holy shit. Ice Cube?
Who'd you think it was. Jon Voight?
Let's go.
♪ Yes. I'm back in black ♪
Let's go. let's go. let's go. Now.
In here. Get in here. tube socks.
We're good.
Hey. are you okay?
Yeah. I'm all right.
The snake tore up the set.
Everybody scattered.
Lamp hit me. I'm down.
I get up. nobody there.
- What about J.Lo?
- Yeah. and Eric Stoltz?
Jenny from the block.
so she gonna be okay.
but Eric ain't from the block.
- Jesus.
- Damn it.
I don't know how we're gonna do it.
but we have to kill it before it kills us.
I'm with that. I'm with that.
Hey. how were they gonna do it
in your script?
I don't know.
The writer never finished the third act.
What? You guys started shooting
before you knew the end?
Welcome to Hollywood. buttercup.
That's what they do.
They just make it up as they go along.
What was the general gist?
Do you have any idea? Was anything--
All I know is they were
setting up pyrotechnics all through here.
Is it still up?
It's hooked up.
but I don't know how to work pyro.
Kenny. you know how to ignite pyro. right?
- Not a problem. boss.
- Hey. hey.
I don't know what y'all talking about.
I gotta go save J.Lo and Stoltz.
- Okay.
- Really?
- You go.
- You're going after them?
They the homies. okay?
I can't leave 'em out here with the ops.
I got to go and represent.
They my castmates.
Actors code. Respect.
Yeah. yeah.
- Can we get a...
- Do you mind?
- We're such fans of everything you do.
- Come on. please.
Man. y'all groupied out.
Y'all groupied out. What? Let's go.
- Yes!
- Okay. Everybody get in here. Grin. Okay.
- Don't post that.
- No. no. no.
Can we get one more for safety? I don't
think my face was totally in there.
- No. it's fine.
- It's fine. it's fine.
- You're gonna need that.
- Oh. You sure?
Of course.
I got another one.
All right. Keep it gangster.
Legend.
You thinking what I'm thinking?
Oh. yeah.
- It could work. right?
- Hundred percent.
What are you... What are you thinking?
Just so I'm... Just to make sure
that it's exactly what I'm thinking.
Which I'm sure it is. totally. I mean...
I'm super sure.
I'm thinking about killing that snake.
Now see. that's it. that's what...
I was thinking that too.
Okay. here's the plan.
Griff. you get the detonator from Kenny.
Claire. you fire up the generators.
Kenny. you set up the cameras.
I'll get the golf cart.
We'll lure the snake into the pyro field
and end this thing once and for all.
You ready for our big Hollywood ending?
- You ready?
- Yeah.
Kenny said as soon as we get to the pyro
field. we can detonate these one by one.
- Gonna blow this bitch sky-high.
- Sky-freaking-high.
Come get us. asshole!
Where is he?
Oh. shit!
- Oh. shit. Oh. shit!
- Oh. shit!
- Doesn't this go faster?
- Well. take off the governor.
Underneath there.
See if you can rip it off.
- Governor?
- The governor! It slows it down.
- The hell you talking about. governor?
- I'm talking about golf cart technology!
- Where'd it go?
- I don't see it. I don't know where it is.
Keep your head on a swivel.
I don't see it anywhere.
- Whoa!
Oh. my God!
Oh. shit.
We lost the signal.
If we don't get
this thing online in time...
Then we're all dead.
- Let's go.
Dude. you're actually
a really good driver.
Thank you.
Oh. my God!
Why is there no power?
Pyro field dead ahead. It's now or never.
Armed and ready.
- No!
- All right. look.
- Look for something like this.
- Like this. okay.
Almost there!
It's getting closer!
It's getting closer! Oh. God!
Go faster!
Fuck. Found it!
- Can I hit it now?
- Hold. Hold.
Now! Hit it now!
Die. you giant snake bitch!
- What the--
- What?
It's not working! It's not working!
- Hit all of them.
- I am! I'm hitting every one of 'em!
And now we die! Now we die!
Why didn't it happen?
- Why isn't it...
- I don't know.
Oh. wait.
I forgot to turn it on.
Yes!
Whoo-hoo!
- Yes! Yes. Yes.
- Yes! Yes!
Yeah!
Did we kill it?
- No!
- Ah! Why?
Come on. The cart's stuck.
Oh. shit.
- Go!
- Go. go. go.
- It's a dead end.
- Oh. my God.
Oh. shit.
We're all gonna die.
Not on my watch. mister.
Ah!
- Oh. man.
- Gross.
Griff. no!
And that's a wrap on snake.
♪ I don't want to wait
For our lives to be over ♪
♪ I want to know right now
What will it be ♪
♪ I don't want to wait
For our lives to be over... ♪
- Thank you very much.
- Thank you.
A long time ago.
a group of artists had a vision
to one day live their dream
of making a major motion picture.
And last year. against all odds.
I'm proud to say that dream was realized.
As my friend Kenny likes to say.
the snake is a metaphor
for the monsters that come for all of us
if our dreams remain unrealized.
And to be clear.
there's also a non-metaphor snake.
Oh. my God!
Quick shoutout
to Claire Simons and Kenny Trent!
Better luck next time!
While we may not have the rights...
We don't have...
We definitely don't have the rights.
This is our completely unauthorized...
possibly illegal reboot
of the Sony classic film...
- Ladies and gentlemen. The Anaconda!
- The Anaconda!
Ho!
Oh!
Are you Doug McCallister?
Uh-huh.
You directed
the unauthorized version of Anaconda
even though you didn't have the rights?
Yeah.
I saw your little movie.
And I loved it. I loved it.
That's why I'm here. I'm here because
we're doing another Anaconda.
and I want you to direct it.
Are you in?
Guys?
Griff?
I'm alive!